#
# This file is autogenerated by pip-compile with Python 3.8
# by the following command:
#
#    make upgrade
#
alabaster==0.7.13
    # via
    #   -r quality.txt
    #   sphinx
astroid==3.2.2
    # via
    #   -r quality.txt
    #   pylint
attrs==23.2.0
    # via -r quality.txt
babel==2.15.0
    # via
    #   -r quality.txt
    #   sphinx
backports-tarfile==1.1.1
    # via
    #   -r quality.txt
    #   jaraco-context
black==24.4.2
    # via -r quality.txt
build==1.2.1
    # via
    #   -r dev.in
    #   -r pip-tools.txt
    #   -r quality.txt
    #   check-manifest
    #   pip-tools
cachetools==5.3.3
    # via
    #   -r tox.txt
    #   tox
certifi==2024.2.2
    # via
    #   -r quality.txt
    #   requests
cffi==1.16.0
    # via
    #   -r quality.txt
    #   cryptography
chardet==5.2.0
    # via
    #   -r tox.txt
    #   tox
charset-normalizer==3.3.2
    # via
    #   -r quality.txt
    #   requests
check-manifest==0.49
    # via -r quality.txt
click==8.1.7
    # via
    #   -r pip-tools.txt
    #   -r quality.txt
    #   black
    #   click-log
    #   pip-tools
click-log==0.4.0
    # via -r quality.txt
cogapp==3.4.1
    # via -r quality.txt
colorama==0.4.6
    # via
    #   -r tox.txt
    #   tox
coverage==7.5.1
    # via -r quality.txt
cryptography==42.0.8
    # via
    #   -r quality.txt
    #   secretstorage
dill==0.3.8
    # via
    #   -r quality.txt
    #   pylint
distlib==0.3.8
    # via
    #   -r tox.txt
    #   virtualenv
doc8==1.1.1
    # via -r quality.txt
docutils==0.20.1
    # via
    #   -r quality.txt
    #   doc8
    #   readme-renderer
    #   restructuredtext-lint
    #   sphinx
    #   sphinx-rtd-theme
exceptiongroup==1.2.1
    # via
    #   -r quality.txt
    #   pytest
filelock==3.14.0
    # via
    #   -r tox.txt
    #   tox
    #   virtualenv
freezegun==1.5.1
    # via -r quality.txt
idna==3.7
    # via
    #   -r quality.txt
    #   requests
imagesize==1.4.1
    # via
    #   -r quality.txt
    #   sphinx
importlib-metadata==7.1.0
    # via
    #   -r pip-tools.txt
    #   -r quality.txt
    #   build
    #   keyring
    #   sphinx
    #   twine
importlib-resources==6.4.0
    # via
    #   -r quality.txt
    #   keyring
iniconfig==2.0.0
    # via
    #   -r quality.txt
    #   pytest
isort==5.13.2
    # via
    #   -r quality.txt
    #   pylint
jaraco-classes==3.4.0
    # via
    #   -r quality.txt
    #   keyring
jaraco-context==5.3.0
    # via
    #   -r quality.txt
    #   keyring
jaraco-functools==4.0.1
    # via
    #   -r quality.txt
    #   keyring
jedi==0.19.1
    # via
    #   -r quality.txt
    #   pudb
jeepney==0.8.0
    # via
    #   -r quality.txt
    #   keyring
    #   secretstorage
jinja2==3.1.4
    # via
    #   -r quality.txt
    #   sphinx
keyring==25.2.1
    # via
    #   -r quality.txt
    #   twine
markdown-it-py==3.0.0
    # via
    #   -r quality.txt
    #   rich
markupsafe==2.1.5
    # via
    #   -r quality.txt
    #   jinja2
mccabe==0.7.0
    # via
    #   -r quality.txt
    #   pylint
mdurl==0.1.2
    # via
    #   -r quality.txt
    #   markdown-it-py
more-itertools==10.2.0
    # via
    #   -r quality.txt
    #   jaraco-classes
    #   jaraco-functools
mypy==1.10.0
    # via -r quality.txt
mypy-extensions==1.0.0
    # via
    #   -r quality.txt
    #   black
    #   mypy
nh3==0.2.17
    # via
    #   -r quality.txt
    #   readme-renderer
packaging==24.0
    # via
    #   -r pip-tools.txt
    #   -r quality.txt
    #   -r tox.txt
    #   black
    #   build
    #   pudb
    #   pyproject-api
    #   pytest
    #   sphinx
    #   tox
parso==0.8.4
    # via
    #   -r quality.txt
    #   jedi
pathspec==0.12.1
    # via
    #   -r quality.txt
    #   black
pbr==6.0.0
    # via
    #   -r quality.txt
    #   stevedore
pip-tools==7.4.1
    # via -r pip-tools.txt
pkginfo==1.10.0
    # via
    #   -r quality.txt
    #   twine
platformdirs==4.2.2
    # via
    #   -r quality.txt
    #   -r tox.txt
    #   black
    #   pylint
    #   tox
    #   virtualenv
pluggy==1.5.0
    # via
    #   -r quality.txt
    #   -r tox.txt
    #   pytest
    #   tox
pudb==2024.1
    # via -r quality.txt
pycodestyle==2.11.1
    # via -r quality.txt
pycparser==2.22
    # via
    #   -r quality.txt
    #   cffi
pydocstyle==6.3.0
    # via -r quality.txt
pygments==2.18.0
    # via
    #   -r quality.txt
    #   doc8
    #   pudb
    #   readme-renderer
    #   rich
    #   sphinx
pylint==3.2.2
    # via
    #   -r quality.txt
    #   pylint-pytest
pylint-pytest==1.1.8
    # via -r quality.txt
pyproject-api==1.6.1
    # via
    #   -r tox.txt
    #   tox
pyproject-hooks==1.1.0
    # via
    #   -r pip-tools.txt
    #   -r quality.txt
    #   build
    #   pip-tools
pytest==8.2.0
    # via
    #   -r quality.txt
    #   pylint-pytest
    #   pytest-mock
pytest-mock==3.14.0
    # via -r quality.txt
python-dateutil==2.9.0.post0
    # via
    #   -r quality.txt
    #   freezegun
pytz==2024.1
    # via
    #   -r quality.txt
    #   babel
pyyaml==6.0.1
    # via
    #   -r quality.txt
    #   responses
readme-renderer==43.0
    # via
    #   -r quality.txt
    #   twine
requests==2.32.2
    # via
    #   -r quality.txt
    #   requests-toolbelt
    #   responses
    #   sphinx
    #   twine
requests-toolbelt==1.0.0
    # via
    #   -r quality.txt
    #   twine
responses==0.25.0
    # via -r quality.txt
restructuredtext-lint==1.4.0
    # via
    #   -r quality.txt
    #   doc8
rfc3986==2.0.0
    # via
    #   -r quality.txt
    #   twine
rich==13.7.1
    # via
    #   -r quality.txt
    #   twine
secretstorage==3.3.3
    # via
    #   -r quality.txt
    #   keyring
six==1.16.0
    # via
    #   -r quality.txt
    #   python-dateutil
snowballstemmer==2.2.0
    # via
    #   -r quality.txt
    #   pydocstyle
    #   sphinx
sphinx==7.1.2
    # via
    #   -r quality.txt
    #   sphinx-rtd-theme
    #   sphinxcontrib-jquery
sphinx-rtd-theme==2.0.0
    # via -r quality.txt
sphinxcontrib-applehelp==1.0.4
    # via
    #   -r quality.txt
    #   sphinx
sphinxcontrib-devhelp==1.0.2
    # via
    #   -r quality.txt
    #   sphinx
sphinxcontrib-htmlhelp==2.0.1
    # via
    #   -r quality.txt
    #   sphinx
sphinxcontrib-jquery==4.1
    # via
    #   -r quality.txt
    #   sphinx-rtd-theme
sphinxcontrib-jsmath==1.0.1
    # via
    #   -r quality.txt
    #   sphinx
sphinxcontrib-qthelp==1.0.3
    # via
    #   -r quality.txt
    #   sphinx
sphinxcontrib-serializinghtml==1.1.5
    # via
    #   -r quality.txt
    #   sphinx
stevedore==5.2.0
    # via
    #   -r quality.txt
    #   doc8
tomli==2.0.1
    # via
    #   -r pip-tools.txt
    #   -r quality.txt
    #   -r tox.txt
    #   black
    #   build
    #   check-manifest
    #   doc8
    #   mypy
    #   pip-tools
    #   pylint
    #   pyproject-api
    #   pytest
    #   tox
tomlkit==0.12.5
    # via
    #   -r quality.txt
    #   pylint
tox==4.15.0
    # via -r tox.txt
twine==5.1.0
    # via -r quality.txt
types-freezegun==1.1.10
    # via -r quality.txt
types-pyyaml==6.0.12.20240311
    # via -r quality.txt
types-requests==2.32.0.20240523
    # via -r quality.txt
types-toml==0.10.8.20240310
    # via -r quality.txt
typing-extensions==4.11.0
    # via
    #   -r quality.txt
    #   astroid
    #   black
    #   mypy
    #   pylint
    #   rich
    #   urwid
urllib3==2.2.2
    # via
    #   -r quality.txt
    #   requests
    #   responses
    #   twine
    #   types-requests
urwid==2.6.12
    # via
    #   -r quality.txt
    #   pudb
    #   urwid-readline
urwid-readline==0.14
    # via
    #   -r quality.txt
    #   pudb
virtualenv==20.26.2
    # via
    #   -r tox.txt
    #   tox
wcwidth==0.2.13
    # via
    #   -r quality.txt
    #   urwid
wheel==0.43.0
    # via
    #   -r pip-tools.txt
    #   pip-tools
zipp==3.18.2
    # via
    #   -r pip-tools.txt
    #   -r quality.txt
    #   importlib-metadata
    #   importlib-resources

# The following packages are considered to be unsafe in a requirements file:
# pip
# setuptools
